Improvements from feedback (#118)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/container/container-setup.adoc

=== Check if You Have Docker Installed

> * Note that when checking existence with the `which` command below, you could also get links with the queried names pointing to a different program. Post running a check via `which`, also try to execute the queried command and look if the output printed comes from docker like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that when checking if software is installed on your system with the `which` command below, you might be shown links containing the queried names but pointing to a different program. After running a check via `which`, also try to execute the queried command and look if the output printed comes from docker like in the following example:
```
